*[SSH]: Secure Shell (SSH) refers to a cryptographic network protocol used in secure communication between devices. SSH encrypts data using cryptographic algorithms, such as Advanced Encryption System (AES) and is often used when logging in remotely to a computer or server. 
*[TCP]: Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) is a connection-oriented protocol requiring a TCP three-way-handshake to establish a connection. TCP provides reliable data transfer, flow control and congestion control. Higher-level protocols such as HTTP, POP3, IMAP and SMTP use TCP.
*[UDP]: User Datagram Protocol (UDP) is a connectionless protocol; UDP does not require a connection to be established. UDP is suitable for protocols that rely on fast queries, such as DNS, and for protocols that prioritise real-time communications, such as audio/video conferencing and broadcast.
*[Apache]: Apache is the most widely used web server software. Developed and maintained by Apache Software Foundation, Apache is an open source software available for free. 
*[Hydra]: Hydra is a free and open-source password-cracking tool. It can try numerous passwords till the correct password is found. It can be used to crack passwords for various network services, including SSH, Telnet, FTP, and HTTP.
*[IDS]: Intrusion Detection System (IDS) is a system that detects unauthorised network and system intrusions. Examples include detecting unauthorised devices connected to the local network and unauthorised users accessing a system or modifying a file.
*[API]: API, which stands for Application Programming Interface, is a set of rules and protocols for building software and applications. An API allows different software programs to communicate with each other. It defines methods of communication between various components, including the kinds of requests that can be made, how they're made, the data formats that should be used, and conventions to follow. 
*[AV]: Antivirus software is a program or set of programs that are designed to prevent, search for, detect, and remove software viruses, and other malicious software like worms, trojans, adware, and more.
*[PE]: A file format for executables, object code, DLLs, FON Font files, and others used in 32-bit and 64-bit versions of Windows operating systems. The PE format is a data structure that encapsulates the information necessary for the Windows OS to manage the wrapped executable code.
*[MD5]: Message Digest 5 (MD5) is a cryptographic hash function that takes any input and produces a 128-bit hexadecimal number. The output of an MD5 hash function is called a digest. MD5 digests are often used to verify the integrity of files or data; however, MD5 is no longer considered secure and should not be used for sensitive applications.
*[Linux]: Linux is a command line operating system based on unix. There are multiple operating systems that are based on Linux.
*[ASM]: A low-level programming language that uses symbolic code as a direct representation of machine code. It enables a programmer to write instructions that the computer's processor can execute directly. Each line corresponds to a specific machine operation, often based on a sequence of numbers, letters, and symbols.
*[THM]: TryHackMe is an online cyber security training platform to help individuals and teams break into and up skill in cyber security. The site you are on right now.
*[Firewall]: A security tool, hardware or software that is used to filter network traffic by stopping unauthorized incoming and outgoing traffic.
*[XOR]: Là một phép toán nhị phân thường được sử dụng để mã hóa và giải mã dữ liệu. XOR hoạt động trên dữ liệu nhị phân (bit) và dựa trên các nguyên tắc đại số Boolean. Hoạt động bao gồm hai bit. Kết quả của phép toán là "1" nếu hai bit khác nhau và "0" nếu chúng giống nhau.
*[Proxy]: A proxy server is a system or router that provides a gateway between users and the internet. Therefore, it helps prevent cyber attackers from entering a private network. It is a server, referred to as an “intermediary” because it goes between end-users and the web pages they visit online.
*[Nmap]: Nmap (Network Mapper) is a open-source tool used for network discovery and security auditing. It also assists in the exploration of network hosts and services, providing information about open ports, operating systems, and other details.
*[MAC]: In networking, MAC usually stands for Media Access Control. A MAC address is a hardware address set by the manufacturer in network interface cards (NIC). In identity management and access control, MAC stands for Mandatory Access Control. An operating system using MAC would prioritise security, even if this means limiting users’ abilities.
*[MTU]: Maximum Transmission Unit
*[TTL]: Time to live (TTL) refers to the amount of time or “hops” that a packet is set to exist inside a network before being discarded by a router. TTL is also used in other contexts including CDN caching and DNS caching.
*[RCE]: Remote Code Execution
*[HTTP]: Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) is the protocol that specifies how a web browser and a web server communicate. Your web browser requests content from the TryHackMe web server using the HTTP protocol as you go through this room.
*[SMTP]: Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP) is a protocol used to send the email to an SMTP server, more specifically to a Mail Submission Agent (MSA) or a Mail Transfer Agent (MTA).
*[Dynamic Analysis]: The process of analyzing malware by running it in a controlled environment like a sandbox.
*[DoS]: Denial of Service (DoS) is an attack on the target's availability to make the target service/system unavailable to legitimate users.
*[SMB]: Server Message Block (SMB) is a communication protocol[1] originally developed in 1983 by Barry A. Feigenbaum at IBM[2] and intended to provide shared access to files and printers across nodes on a network of systems running IBM's OS/2. It also provides an authenticated inter-process communication (IPC) mechanism.